When somebody is trying to sell you a product or a service,
I always want you to ask yourself this,
why am I so lucky to be given this opportunity?
I want you to be skeptical because a lot of the times,
especially when it comes to people you've known for a long time,
they'll approach you only because nobody else wants to buy that product or service.
And so you want to stick with the smart money always, too.
So if you're investing in an investment or a company,
if there's a very successful person that's already
an investor like a Richard Branson or a
Marc Benioff or a Warren Buffett or
successful companies investing like the Sequoia or Kleiner Perkins,
then your odds of making
money are much higher because they've already done their due diligence.
And so again, if somebody asks you to buy something,
a product or a service, ask yourself why am I so lucky to be given this opportunity?
Odds are in many situations
that you're getting the opportunity
to buy this product or service because nobody else will.